chore: add datastore callout to multiauth docs (#4289)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/cli/graphql/authorization-rules.mdx

- any user (signed in or not, verified by IAM) is allowed to read all posts
- owners are allowed to create, read, update, and delete their own posts.

> If you are using datastore to automatically determine authorization mode, note that some requests could use multiple authorization modes 
> with the above schema. Have a look at the [priority order](/lib/datastore/setup-auth-rules/q/platform/js/#multiple-authorization-types-priority-order) for authorization 
> strategies to understand which mode will get used and decide if your schema needs more specific authorization rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using DataStore and have multiple authorization rules, you can let the DataStore automatically determine the best authorization mode client-side. Review how to [Configure Multiple Authorization Types](https://docs.amplify.aws/lib/datastore/setup-auth-rules/q/platform/js/#configure-multiple-authorization-types) on DataStore for more details.
```
